{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I think this game accomplishes what I set out to do. I remember getting stuck on figuring out how to make the code to make it so that you need to wear the power glove in order to push objects. \
\
The first puzzle in my game is finding the sword and two keys. To solve it, you need to go to the storage room, open the trapdoor and take the sword and key. Then you head to your grandparent\'92s closet to open the chest and find a book with a key inside. Take the key and unlock the wooden door to get out. \
\
The second puzzle is finding the sandwich in the house after examining the alien. The sandwich is in the living room. \
\
The third puzzle is pushing the objects into the right room. The way to do this is to push the bed into the library, dining table into the living quarters, and book case in the alien living room. \
\
The gameplay mechanics in this game are like very puzzle and kind of hard. It improves the user\'92s experience by giving them out of the box puzzles BUT, I give a lot of hints to compensate. \
\
The beta testing process was very smooth. Aaron tested my game. Their feedback greatly affected my game by filling in a lot of the holes.\
\
I beta tested aaron\'92s game. I was able to give feedback that helped him fix up his game so it works and such. \
\
I am most proud of the last puzzle. I would change up some of the puzzles to be a little more creative next time. }